Add the System Alerts block to the Customer Engagement Reporting page (#1256)
magento/merchdocs: src/reports/customer-engagement.md

   1. Set the **Contact Sync Size** (default 500). This sets the batch size limit you require for the amount of contacts loaded for every sync.
   1. Set the **Transactional Data Sync Size** (default 50). This sets the batch size limit you require for the amount of transactions loaded for every sync.

>    1. To sync subscriber dales data, set **Enable Subscribers Sales Data Sync** to "Yes". This option is disabled by default due to the increased server load and sync times.

Reviewer: Let's fix this one too
```suggestion
   1. To sync subscriber dales data, set **Enable Subscribers Sales Data Sync** to `Yes`. (This option is disabled by default due to the increased server load and sync times.)
```

>    1. To remove the /pub directory from image URLs in the catalog, set Remove /pub directory from URLs to “Yes”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. To remove the /pub directory from image URLs in the catalog, set **Remove /pub directory from URLs** to `Yes`.
```

1. Click <span class="btn">Save Config</span>.

    ![Debug]({% link images/images/dotdigital-dash-iprestrict.png %}){: .zoom}
    _Debug_

> ## Configure System Alerts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure system alerts
```

> 1. To send in-app system messages to admin users when errors that may affect the dotdigital extension are detected, set **Enable System Messages** to "Yes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To send system messages to Admin users when errors that could affect the dotdigital extension are detected, set **Enable System Messages** to `Yes`.
```

> 1. To send system alert email notifications when errors that may affect the dotdigital extension are detected, set **Enable Email Notifications** to "Yes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To send system alert email notifications when errors that could affect the dotdigital extension are detected, set **Enable Email Notifications** to `Yes`.
```

> 1. Select the user role in the **Select Roles** field  who will receive email notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For **Select Roles**, select the user role to determine who will receive email notifications.
```

> 1. To specify the email notification frequency and the time interval for error reporting, set **Alert Frequency** to one of the options: 1 hour, 12 hours, 24 hours, 48 hours, 72 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To specify the email notification frequency and the time interval for error reporting, set **Alert Frequency** to one of the following options:
   * 1 hour
   * 12 hours
   * 24 hours
   * 48 hours
   * 72 hours
```
